[docs] migrate simple-gateway/traffic-splitting to v1alpha2 (#811)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/v1alpha2/guides/simple-gateway.md

IP address which will be shown in the `Gateway.status` after it has been
deployed. 

> An `HTTPRoute` resource must specify the Gateways it is attached to using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `HTTPRoute` resource must specify the Gateways it wants to attach to using
```

Author: e0352b72c56e051746f20c101b7435f07ad3fc2e

> An `HTTPRoute` resource must specify the Gateways it attaches to use
> `ParentRefs`. Referencing the `Gateway` will allow the `HTTPRoute` to
> receive traffic from the parent `Gateway`. `BackendRefs` define the backends

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
Route resources specify the Gateways they want to attach to using `ParentRefs`. As long as 
the Gateway allows this attachment (by default Routes from the same namespace are trusted),
this will allow the Route to receive traffic from the parent Gateway. `BackendRefs` define the backends
```
